The application is in a good state and to be honest we could deploy it as it is.
Everything that's coming now is just bonus.
But we can add Engy are X which is angler's read X based state management solution to this app.
I would say that NDR X is actually a bit overkill for this type of app for a not super big app.
But of course it still makes sense to learn it so that you can potentially use it in bigger apps too.
So what is your X though what is state what's application state.
Let's consider we have these components which are kind of the components we have in our app at least
we have DS We have some of these too but we do have DS and of course we do interact.
We fetch exercise or we store exercises.
This is our so-called application state.
The exercise we fetched which we have in memory which we stored in javascript they will be lost whenever
the application refreshes.
We also get a Bakan firebase in our case.
We communicate with that backend.
In our case for angle of fire to store and fetch exercises does this persistent state which is not lost
when we reload.
Yep which is why we started on a server.
Now the issue we have with stators managing it is hard.
This is actually a very simplified graph of our app.
A lot is missing on this picture and we see we get complex and directions we're actually even injecting
the training service into the officer is in our case.
So we're doing a lot of things here we have a lot of connections.
This is just an example it's not a precise picture of our app and in our app this is all fine in bigger
apps.
You can end up with so many connections that you want to have a central state management system.
Now the first step to getting a predictable and reliable state management is to use our ex-chief Yes
which we already do.
I will say that we already do use it.
There we have for example some user event and UI or in the app like a click on a button or actually
the submission of the log in form does gives us a state changing event.
We want to go from unauthenticated to offend Decatur let's say and with our Express we can use the power
of observables or subjects to be precise to emit an event.
Maybe use operators if we want and listen to that somewhere in our app and then update DUI.
This again is what we already do when we click submit on the log in Forum.
We set the loading state we emit an event.
Then we started loading something and we update you on it.
After listening to that he went to show a Spener So were using this pattern and its a good pattern.
This is why I taught it you should use that.
However this pattern also can have issues.
The state can be updated from anywhere.
Thats one problem.
So in this pattern we can of course trigger our listeners from everywhere.
And we implemented this pattern but of course were not forced to follow it.
The state is maybe mutable.
We of course did do our best to prevent this but still we might be able to sneak in some errors at some
points and handling side effects is unclear.
Where do we send these HTP requests where do we use Angelfire do we do that in a service.
Do we do that directly in a component.
So these are all possible issues.
Not impossible to overcome and maybe not issues in your app.
And as I said an hour at the set up is actually quite nice but you can opt into a more complex and elaborate
pattern to work around these issues.
And that would be Rydex.